the enemy's mark the start of award
season here in Hollywood and well you
know there are hundreds of performers
who do get nominated and honored there
are many many more who get snubbed who
get no recognition and tonight I really
I would like to shine a light on a group
that's been ignored for I think far too
long these are actors whose faces you
know immediately but whose names you
don't the people who when you see them
you say hey it's that guy from that show
and with that said it is time that we
salute those unsung heroes with the
first ever the guy from
[Music]
[Applause]
for the guy from that show are
I've been in everything what the hell is
his name he's only he was in The Good
Wife he was the judge you were the judge
and The Good Wife right yes I was the
judge okay you were so good and yet
I do not know your name oh well our next
nominee is
mayorchik what is your name what is his
name
oh he was the police guy on the wire
right what's that other show you're in
I'm less Riddick that wasn't lost
yes lost you were great in lost our next
nominee is this gentleman I think I've
seen you more than my own dad and yet
your name is a complete mystery I have
no clue of what it is does it start with
a be like Bob uh no it starts with a G G
is it winneth no it's not oh sorry
all right and finally we have this guy
[Applause]
[Music]
but Ned Ryerson is not your real name is
it no no no you are literally on every
single show on TV
you're on Silicon Valley right now right
yeah and one day at a time on Netflix
your honor and yet I cannot remember
your name at all
if you ever IMDB me just no but I
definitely should have and I will after
the show but first it's the moment these
men have all been waiting for for iconic
actors thank you all great all bald by
the way and the award for the guy from
that show goes to the guy in the upper
right hand corner
[Applause]
[Music]
his first nomination and me
from that show
[Music]
thank you thank you so much for this
beautiful trophy with a question mark
where my name should be I am dedicating
this award to my wife to my kids and to
everyone who comes up to me on the
street and says do I know you
yeah well you do now
and it makes me so proud so proud to be
here to just be nominated with so many
great actors like well you know that
that guy there he's you know honestly I
don't know these guys names either I
know my name and I have waited for this
moment my entire life to share it with
the world right to make the way we maybe
wait wait to share it with the world
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm sure whatever his name is it's a
great name anyway congratulations to all
of our nominees
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy